C#: Dotnet test tracer improvements. (#13387)
github/codeql: csharp/ql/lib/change-notes/2023-06-06-dotnettest.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * C#: Update the LUA tracer such that `-p:SharedCompilation=false` is not injected when `dotnet test` is applied to a `dll` or `exe` file.

Reviewer: I tried to reword this to focus more on the effect of the change than the implementation. How does this sound?
```suggestion
* C#: Analysis of the `dotnet test` command supplied with a `dll` or `exe` file as argument no longer fails due to the addition of an erroneous `-p:SharedCompilation=false` argument.
```

> * C#: Analysis of the `dotnet test` command supplied with a `dll` or `exe` file as argument no longer fails due to the addition of an erroneous `-p:SharedCompilation=false` argument.

Author: Yes, thank you!!!
Will be fixed here: https://github.com/github/codeql/pull/13440
